washing_cat: ['HICO_train2015_00000254.jpg', 'HICO_train2015_00006838.jpg', 'HICO_train2015_00036398.jpg']
general_questions : "Please provide a detailed description of the image, focusing on the main person who is {verb} a {obj}. Include specific features and attributes of the person and the {object}, as well as the overall mood and context of the interaction. Keep in mind that you don't need to describe many people, only focus on things that are related to interactions. The total word count should be within 76 words. Structure your answer as follows template: 'A photo of a person {verb} a {obj}, [insert your description].' "



"A photo of a person washing a cat, cradling a soaked ginger tabby in a towel, tenderly drying its fur as it patiently endures the grooming."
"A photo of a person washing a cat, a damp feline with striking orange fur appears tranquil wrapped in a towel in someone's caring hands."
"A photo of a person washing a cat, ginger whiskers peak out from a towel as gentle hands work to dry the quiet, wet little creature."
"A photo of a person washing a cat, a serene but wet cat bundled in a towel, being dried by a comforting human touch after a bath."
"A photo of a person washing a cat, someone soothes a drenched, copper-colored cat, swaddled in fabric, drying off from a wash."
"A photo of a person washing a cat, a moist, amber-coated kitty is nestled in a blanket, receiving gentle drying strokes from a caregiver."
"A photo of a person washing a cat, the warm embrace of a towel envelopes a freshly bathed ginger cat as a person pats it dry."
"A photo of a person washing a cat, a wet and ruffled feline experiences the tender care of drying, wrapped securely in a towel."
"A photo of a person washing a cat, a person's hands carefully dry a wet, ginger feline, calm and bundled in a towel."
"A photo of a person washing a cat, a towel-wrapped, wet cat sits patiently while a person softly dries its fur."
"A photo of a person washing a cat, a wet ginger cat looks directly at the camera, standing in water as a hand gently bathes it."
"A photo of a person washing a cat, the startled wide eyes of a soaked orange cat contrast the gentle hands that are washing it."
"A photo of a person washing a cat, a drenched ginger tabby stands in a bath, receiving caring rinses from a compassionate human."
"A photo of a person washing a cat, a person bathes an orange feline, whose wet fur and surprised gaze reflect the bathing experience."
"A photo of a person washing a cat, water cascades over a wet, ginger cat standing in a bath, with a hand gently supporting it."
"A photo of a person washing a cat, a ginger cat's wet whiskers twitch as it gets bathed, a hand steadying its soaked frame."
"A photo of a person washing a cat, a soaked feline with a white chest looks up trustingly while being bathed in a tub."
"A photo of a person washing a cat, an orange cat endures a bath, eyes wide, as someone's hand gently pours water over it."
"A photo of a person washing a cat, a wet cat with a white bib faces the camera, being washed by a caring person in a bathtub."
"A photo of a person washing a cat, large eyes and drenched fur define the orange cat's bath time with a tender human touch."
"A photo of a person washing a cat, a small lion cub gets a wash in a large tub, a caregiver's gloved hands gently scrubbing it."
"A photo of a person washing a cat, a young lion endures a bath, soaked fur and a focused caregiver in a wet suit telling the tale."
"A photo of a person washing a cat, a juvenile lion looks on, doused in water while a caretaker attentively bathes it outdoors."
"A photo of a person washing a cat, a person in a wetsuit kneels to wash a cub, its coat drenched, against a concrete backdrop."
"A photo of a person washing a cat, a caregiver in aquatic gear carefully cleans a soaked young lion, its expression one of patience."
"A photo of a person washing a cat, the young lion's dampened mane stands out as a person in a wetsuit scrubs it clean."
"A photo of a person washing a cat, a drenched lion cub receives a thorough cleaning from a person dressed for water work."
"A photo of a person washing a cat, water flows over a lion cub being bathed by a caretaker in a suit designed for splashes."
"A photo of a person washing a cat, a caretaker's gentle wash elicits a calm gaze from the drenched young lion in a pool."
"A photo of a person washing a cat, a lion cub's bath time is hands-on, with a caretaker in wet gear ensuring a gentle scrub in the pool."

holding_zebra: ['HICO_train2015_00007649.jpg', 'HICO_train2015_00016356.jpg']
"A photo of a person holding a zebra, multiple hands guide a reclined zebra with care and attention in a field."
"A photo of a person holding a zebra, teamwork is evident as hands steady a zebra on the ground amidst grasses."
"A photo of a person holding a zebra, individuals work together to support a prone zebra in a natural setting."
"A photo of a person holding a zebra, a group assists a striped zebra lying down, hinting at a rescue operation."
"A photo of a person holding a zebra, a zebra is gently restrained on the savannah by several attentive hands."
"A photo of a person holding a zebra, concerted effort shows as a group holds a zebra down for its safety."
"A photo of a person holding a zebra, care for a grounded zebra is shared among people in a grassy expanse."
"A photo of a person holding a zebra, the stripes of a zebra blend with the camouflage worn by assisting hands."
"A photo of a person holding a zebra, a zebra rests on the earth, surrounded by people poised to help."
"A photo of a person holding a zebra, a tranquil scene as a team aids a zebra, with a backdrop of the open veld."
"A photo of a person holding a zebra, a child gently touches a zebra's nose over a wooden fence in a serene moment."
"A photo of a person holding a zebra, a zebra calmly interacts with a young girl reaching out in a peaceful encounter."
"A photo of a person holding a zebra, a single tender touch conveys a moment of connection between child and zebra."
"A photo of a person holding a zebra, a striped zebra receives a soft pat from a youngster against a rustic backdrop."
"A photo of a person holding a zebra, the black and white stripes stand out as a child makes contact, forming a bond."
"A photo of a person holding a zebra, a moment of trust and curiosity as a zebra greets a child's outstretched hand."
"A photo of a person holding a zebra, a zebra's mane ruffles slightly under the touch of a small, gentle hand."
"A photo of a person holding a zebra, interaction is framed by the natural textures of wood and zebra stripes."
"A photo of a person holding a zebra, the harmony of human-animal interaction captures a young one feeding a zebra."
"A photo of a person holding a zebra, a zebra stands at a fence, engaged by the kind gesture of a visiting child."

flushing_toilet: ['HICO_train2015_00008058.jpg']
"A photo of a person flushing a toilet, a toddler in a bright red shirt looks up, hand on the flush lever with innocent intrigue."
"A photo of a person flushing a toilet, a little one with wide eyes and tousled hair experiments with the toilet's mechanics."
"A photo of a person flushing a toilet, a small child in crimson, gaze fixed on the camera, grasps the shiny flush handle."
"A photo of a person flushing a toilet, a youngster's curious expression caught as they reach to flush, the world an adventure."
"A photo of a person flushing a toilet, a baby's determined look as they extend a tiny hand toward the toilet's flush button."
"A photo of a person flushing a toilet, an adventurous tot in a red tee tentatively touches the flush with a look of focus."
"A photo of a person flushing a toilet, a child with clear blue eyes and a hint of a smile about to push the toilet handle."
"A photo of a person flushing a toilet, a young explorer in a vibrant outfit, tentatively interacts with the household fixture."
"A photo of a person flushing a toilet, with a backdrop of white tiles, a small child in red engages with the flush handle."
"A photo of a person flushing a toilet, a little adventurer in a red top peers curiously while fiddling with the flush lever."